♪
(ghosts) Vector...
Vector...
Why, Vector...
why...
Why did you do it?
No, you don't understand!
I didn't mean to!
(screaming)
(Don Thousand)
You seem...
uneasy.
Is something
troubling you, Vector?
No, nothing I can't handle.
Let us hope not, Because
Nash draws near...
with his sights set
solely on vanquishing you!
I am not afraid.
Good.
Once we defeat him,
I will be unst...
What is the meaning of this?
Just testing the new powers I
gained from the other Emperors.
I'm so strong now I won't
need you to beat Nash!
No!
(Vector)
I could definitely
use a break
from that pompous
Barian's babbling.
Nothing to do now but wait
for Nash to come to me.
So, there you are!
I've been waiting for you Nash!
Astral, is that the portal
to Barian world ahead?
That it is Yuma...
Are you scared?
No way!
I'm ready to take down
Don Thousand once and for all!
♪
♪Still together as one
cuz divided we're none ♪
♪Ready to go we feel the flow ♪
♪So don't stand in our way
you know we ain't afraid ♪
♪This is our time
we're in control ♪
♪If I trip up today
you just wipe it away ♪
♪All of my fears are
gone erased ♪
♪Let us tear down the walls
'til the final night falls ♪
♪The bonds of our souls
can't be replaced ♪
♪Let us fight
together regret it never ♪
♪Our dreams will be ♪
♪Halfway to ♪
♪Forever ♪
♪Our light comes
shining through ♪
♪Reach down deep beat defeat ♪
♪Do all that we can do ♪
♪Halfway to ♪
♪Forever ♪
♪We've got nothing to lose ♪
♪Keep breathing ♪
♪Believing ♪
♪Halfway to forever ♪♪
You'll pay for the pain you
caused Marin and to Dumon.
And let me guess, Nash...
You're gonna be the one
to make me pay?
Oh I'm so terrified!
You should be.
Please.
You're out of your league.
Think so?
Let's find out!
Temper, temper!
You have serious anger
issues don't you?
Barging in, yelling,
trying to zap me....
Seems you have a lot
of baggage to deal with.
And I'm going to...
By giving you a duel you'll
never forget, Vector!
Really?
And why is that?
You painting a picture?
You think this is funny?
Yes, because it's hard to
take you seriously.
But since you're not
amused by my razor sharp wit,
let's skip to the part
where I finish you!
No chance!
You're...
through!
(both) Let's duel!
Your madness ends here.
You've got that wrong!
It's only just begun!
I draw!
I activate the spell card,
Contract with Don Thousand!
This card will make for a
shocking start to our duel
because it activates
by consuming 2,000
of your life points!
Think of it as the cost
of entry into my castle!
If you wanna play then you
better be ready to pay.
Enjoy having the upper hand,
because it won't last for long!
You may change your mind after
you fulfill the contract!
(groaning)
(laughing)
Pleasure doing
business with you!
Now that the contract
has been signed,
we're both obligated
to draw one card.
The terms and conditions say
we've gotta reveal
every card we draw!
If it's a spell, you can't
summon a monster normally
'til the end of the turn.
That fine print
gets ya' every time.
You're up!
I draw!
I drew Split Defender...
It's a spell card.
A spell card already?
You must have
some kind of luck...
Bad luck!
I drew a monster card!
And now I'm going to summon it!
Welcome Umbral Horror Golem!
Your move!
Just know... no matter
what happens next,
I'm going to win!
(Yuma)
So this is
Barian World...
Doesn't seem very happy here.
An understatement.
This is a place
of immense sorrow.
Because of Don Thousand.
Dumon...
Marin...
I will avenge your defeat...
I swear it...
Chaos Draw!
Don't forget about
Don Thousand's Contract!
You have to show me
the card you drew.
It's a spell card.
No monsters for you yet again!
Now show me the card
that ruined your turn.
I'd be happy to.
It's Rank-Up-Magic
The Seventh One.
Not that card!
Yes, Vector, that card!
Now I can steer clear of your
Contract and summon my Number!
Take to the skies Number 101:
Silent Honor Ark!
Then The Seventh One ranks up my
Number into a Chaos Xyz Number!
With this one monster,
I rebuild the Overlay Network!
Chaos Xyz Evolution!
Feast your eyes on Chaos Number
101: Silent Honor Dark!
Hah!
If you think your Chaos
Number worries me,
then you are in for
a profound disappointment!
That's because no matter how
powerful your monster is,
my Umbral Horror Golem
can negate its attack,
so you can't attack me!
Doesn't matter.
That won't stop
Silent Honor Dark!
It won't?
I activate its special ability!
Silent Honor Dark absorbs
one of your monsters
and turns it into
a Chaos Overlay Unit!
Dark Meta Crest!
Now your field is wide open.
Nothing can stop
my monster's onslaught!
Wha...?
Silent Honor Dark blast Vector
with everything you've got!
(screaming)
Do you see that?
What is it?
Let's find out!
That's not all
you can take, is it?
'Cause I'm just
getting warmed up!
Get up, Vector so I
can knock you back down!
2,800 points of damage!
That's right!
What do you think of that?
That I should "thank you" Nash.
Huh?
You hapless fool!
I paid attention when
you dueled Quattro, you know.
As a result, I'm quite familiar
with the power of
Chaos Number 101,
as well as your strategies.
I knew it wouldn't take long
for you to play your
strongest monster,
Silent Honor Dark, and hit
me with everything you've got!
So I set a trap.
I can activate Chaos Rising when
I take at least 2,000 points
of damage from a Chaos Number.
Which I did thanks to
Silent Honor Dark's attack.
What?
A little advice from one
Emperor to another, Nash.
Try to be less predictable...
'Cause thanks to
your obvious tactics,
I read you like a book
and now I get to summon
one random Chaos Number!
Allow me to present Chaos
Number 65 King Overfiend!
(Nash)
Vector was willing
to take all that damage
to summon one Chaos Number?
Something's not right.
I'm not sure what he's up to,
but I better figure it out,
fast.
I place one card
facedown and end my turn.
Aw, Nash, if only you knew how
important this next draw is.
What do you mean by that?
You'll learn soon enough!
I draw!
Well, look at that.
I drew a spell card.
And it happens to be
the exact spell I needed!
I activate Chaos Caller!
You could say I'm ripping
up the Contract
because I'm sending
it to the graveyard!
This allows me to summon three
powerful Chaos Numbers
by negating their
special abilities!
Let the party begin!
No way...
First to arrive is Chaos Number
104: Umbral Horror Masquerade!
Our next guest is a
brand new friend of mine:
Chaos Number 102!
No!
That's Dumon's!
That's right!
Or rather it was!
Archfiend Seraph!
And last but
certainly not least,
someone else I think you know!
Arriving in style, please
welcome Chaos Number 103:
Ragnafinity!
That was Marin's Number.
Since you were so very fond
of Marin and Dumon,
I thought it'd be fitting
that I use their
Chaos Numbers to win!
You could say they helped
me finish you off!
Aww, You look upset Nash.
What's wrong?
Has the sight of your
dear friends' Numbers
standing on my field left
you speechless?
That's okay,
I'll do the talking!
I took them all!
Alito, Girag, Dumon, even
your little sister, Marin!
That just leaves you!
You're alone, Nash!
You're all alone...
(Yuma) No, he's not!
It seems some unwanted
guests have decided
to rear their
ugly little heads.
Shark...
What's going on?
Well, isn't this
just delightful, Nash?
In your darkest hour,
your little buddies
have shown up to cheer you on.
Yuma and Astral
are not my friends!
Say what?
Aww, Yuma...
Rejection hurts, I know.
Be quiet, Vector.
Don't take it personally
that Nash is grouchy.
Look, he's had a rough day!
But I don't want you
feeling left out,
so after I've dealt
with Nash, you're next!
There's not going to be
a 'next' for you, Vector.
Why?
Do you plan to stop me?
Impossible!
I possess the combined power of
all the fallen Barian Emperors!
You stand no chance against me!
Dumon!
Marin!
Come to me!
This feeling...
It's glorious!
Glorious!
Whoa, Vector's power
is off the charts!
Incredible!
It is beyond anything
I have ever felt before!
Unending strength courses
through every atom of my being!
It wouldn't have been possible
without the help
of your friends...
And your sister...
You're seething
with rage yet again!
Just like the last time
we were here.
Remember?
What do you mean, "last time"?
I guess I'm not surprised
you don't recognize this place.
It does look a bit different...
Nevertheless, you blew me away
at these very labyrinth ruins.
I barely escaped in one piece
and was forced to retreat
back to my kingdom
like a panting dog.
But it wasn't enough that you'd
put an end to my conquests.
You pursued me here with
the single minded objective
of stopping me for good.
Yes...
I do remember...
I banished countless
people, remember that?
How can he be so horrible?
It seems his cruelty
knows no bounds.
There is no doubt in my mind...
Vector is the deepest
depth of pure evil.
You're the lowest
kind of low, Vector.
But Nash, you don't even
know the full story.
There's much more to
me than meets the eye.
Oh, man!
You mean he's done
even worse stuff than that?
As legend tells it,
the mad prince exiled
his entire kingdom...
After that, he was the only
one left in the palace...
I vanquished every last soul
who dared to stand in my way...
I was invincible.
That is... until
the day I lost to you...
Nash.
You defeated me again, right
here in my own palace.
That part was
especially humiliating.
But mark my words....
History will not repeat itself.
I'm going to crush you, Nash...
Your story will end here!
(Vector) Any last words, Nash?
Yeah...
You're going to lose!
You have it backwards!
I will destroy you!
Horror Masquerade
attack Silent Honor!
I activate Silent Honor Dark's
special ability!
If it has a Chaos Overlay
Unit when it's destroyed,
it can resurrect
from the graveyard!
Return from Oblivion!
And that's not all!
I also regain life points equal
to Silent Honor's attack points!
Not bad!
But I'm just getting started.
It's Archfiend Seraph's
turn to attack!
Since Silent Honor has
no Chaos Overlay Units left,
it's down for the count,
so it's the perfect
time for Ragnafinity
to attack you directly!
(screaming)
Oh, no!
I hope you enjoy being pummeled
by your sister's monster!
I'm sure you'll
relish a direct attack
from my King Overfiend
just as much!
(groaning)
Shark...
He's hanging on
by 100 life points.
I'm relieved you still have
a bit of energy left.
I didn't want our
duel to end just yet.
I'm enjoying making you suffer.
I've got much more planned
for you, but for now,
make your move.
This isn't over, Vector....
I draw!
I activate Split Defender!
When there's no
monster on my field,
Split Defender allows
me to seize control
of the monster on your field
with the most defense points!
But if you have two monsters
with the same amount
of defense points,
then you get to choose
which one I gain control of.
The monsters on your field
with the most defense points
are Ragnafinity
and Archfiend Seraph...
Which is it gonna be, Vector?
I'm very sorry to
disappoint you Nash,
but I'm afraid you
will get neither,
because I activate
my trap card, Guard Off!
This card robs every monster on
the field of its defense points.
And then, for every monster I
have with zero defense points,
you get hit with 400 points
of damage!
(gasps)
Oh, no!
That's 1,600 points of damage!
He will not survive this...
Goodbye, Nash!
You will not be missed!
C'mon Shark!
I activate
the trap Xyz Charge Up!
With it, I take no damage!
There you go!
You foolishly thought you
had me all figured out,
isn't that right, Vector?
The fact is I am one
hundred steps ahead
biding my time
until you catch up!
And with Split Defender, I get
control of one of your monsters!
With Guard Off in play, every
monster on your field
has the same
amount of defense points.
Which one are you
handing over, Vector?
King Overfiend.
It's no big loss...
You can't do much with
only 1,600 attack points!
Actually, that's plenty.
What?
Thanks to Xyz Charge Up's
additional effect!
By sending this
card to the graveyard,
King Overfiend gains
attack points
equal to the amount of
damage I would have taken!
Uh-oh.
Aw, yeah!
Now King Overfiend is stronger
than every one
of Vector's monsters!
King Overfiend,
attack Masquerade!
(Vector)
This...
What is this?
I feel so strange...
Whoa...
What's that light mean, Astral?
Nash destroyed the Number that
Don Thousand gave to Vector.
Now Vector will regain
the true memories of his past!
That'll change things.
I just wonder if
it'll be for the better,
or for the much, much worse?